[Music]
hello and welcome to our journey into
the world of Adobe After Effects
scripting whether you're a beginner or
looking to sharpen your skills you've
come to the right place in this series
we're diving deep into scripting from
scratch to advance step by step after
effects is a powerful tool in the world
of video editing and animation but did
you know that with scripting you can
unlock even more potential that's right
scripting allows you to automate tasks
create custom effects and much more if
you're new here don't forget to hit the
like button subscribe and click the
notification Bell so you never miss an
update from us sharing this video with
friends or on your social media can help
us reach more people just like you eager
to learn I am a visual effects artist
and I be guiding you through this
fascinating Journey with years of
experience in visual effects and a
passion for teaching I'm here to make
learning scripting in After Effects as
accessible and engaging as possible in
this series we'll start with the basics
understanding the after effects
scripting environment and gradually move
towards creating our own scripts to
automate repetitive tasks enhance
efficiency and unle our creative
potential we in this together and I'm
excited to see what you'll create with
the skills you learn remember every
expert once a beginner so grab your
notepad open after effects and let's get
started before you go make sure to like
this video if you found it helpful and
subscribe to our channel for more
tutorials like this share this video
with someone would love to learn After
Effects scripting your support means the
word to us thank you for watching and
see you in the next tutorial where we'll
dive into the basics of After Effects
scripting until then keep experimenting
and learning
goodbye
[Music]